[bells tinkling gently]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[birds chirping]
[soft wind whistling]
[soft gentle music]
[items cluttering]
[door hinge cringing]
[gentle wind blowing]
[John coughing]
[brisk soft music]
[door locks rattling]
[helicopter engine roaring]
- Hey. what's up man.
I hate to be that guy.
I was the fool who did not pick
up smokes
on my way home from work.
would you mind if I...
[helicopter engine roaring in a
distance]
My contribution.
- What is that the hope diamond.
- I think it is an ashtray.
- You just moved in?
- Yeah. like three or four
hours ago.
I'm leaving the city soon.
so I just basically packed up
all shit my at my old place.
Sold it off there. found this
place.
No lease. snatched it
up online. sight unseen.
How long have you been here?
- I have an ex-husband
hence just started smoking.
About a decade. which I guess
makes me
the de facto ambassador
to the new tenants.
- Does your ceiling have any
leaks?
- Ruin any of your stuff?
- Nothing to ruin.
- Well my ex actually
left a bunch of stuff
in the garage that I
was just gonna donate.
If you want to have it for some
temporary
like furnishings and stuff.
- Dude. that is really kind of
you.
And I will actually take you up
on that.
I would say let's just do it
now.
but you directly ahead
off the surgery doctor.
- Yeah. I'm a wedding
photographer
and I just fell asleep
and might get up right
after the reception.
There's this kind of Autumnal
equinox goth wedding.
The thing is awesome about LA
is there still is huge goth
scene.
So they we're just slinging
around cocktails all night
but started with blood and I
got hit.
- I'm about to blow your mind.
The bar I work at last night is
like
the dark wave electro goth.
I think. I dunno it looks like
so like the Renaissance Fair to
me.
but I was wondering why I was
getting
more bloodtinis spilled
all over me than usual.
And now I know.
it is the. what'd you say?
It was the autumn-in-al...
- Autumnal. Autumnal equinox.
[helicopter engine roaring]
- Its when the weeds turn brown
and the hills burn and
everything smells
like barbecue all the
time. it's beautiful.
- Oh shit. Check this out.
Last night up on that hillside.
I saw this guy.
- LA is like Halloween.
but just all the time.
Is that your new place?
- Yeah. that's it.
That's my temporary digs.
- It's actually been
vacant since I moved in.
So it's kinda nice
to have somebody watching out
over us over the neighborhood.
It's getting worse. Vagrants.
- It's been vacant for over a
decade?
Someone like murdered there or
something?
Well that's supposed to have
something
disclosed to me. what's up?
- Actually. yeah.
A 90-year old grandma just
threw grandpa out of a window
and he fell face first.
right where you're standing.
[airplane engine roaring]
- At least we are cheap
right to the airport.
- There is this
dude sits at my bar and
he always says this thing.
He says. "Hey. it can only fall
so fast."
[John chuckling]
I hope what that dude said
to me is going fast enough
to not feel the impact.
- Oh no. I made that up.
No one died. I was just kidding.
Anyways. I got to get these bad
boys.
Motor checked and charged
before church.
So why don't you just swing on
by
when you want to move in your
stuff.
- Oh. here I go. bad neighbor.
I am John.
- Oh. Levi. All right.
Hey. thank you for this.
- Check it out. That's hungry
Dave.
He is really aggressive.
Don't let him get to eye level.
Okay?
[wind whistling]
[bells tingling gently]
[static noise]
[ominous music]
- What do I think went wrong.
either one of two things
happened.
Either they were trying to put
together
this really intricate.
beautiful cosmic puzzle.
And some of those pieces
were extraordinary
or the way they jammed them
together.
It just created this abstract
mess
that then they could imbue
with whatever meaning they
wanted.
It doesn't really matter
because it affected them
in very different ways.
And I don't think anything
is worth what happened.
I still believe part of it was
real.
You can catch it in scientific
terms.
it doesn't really matter
because the result is the same.
And it's really sad.
[ominous music]
I don't just mean the dead one.
- And there is this yellow tail.
but between me and it's like
this little like cavernous
that has some eel grass on it.
- And it's like 19th century
lobster trap
that just busted out of it.
right?
And then... boom.
I looked down. there's a
fucking claw around my arm.
I look up. there's a lobster
the size of Danny fucking
DeVito.
I kid you not.
And he's dragging me
and I'm so fascinated
but then I look in it's eyes
that I almost forget I'm loaded
and I can shoot left-handed.
Just take aim and shtoonk.
spear the shit out of it.
Barely phases it.
Just kind of saunters
off back into its cave.
I've never seen that lobster
again.
I never saw that spear again.
I didn't get that big ass tuna.
but that was the day I
learned that it's like.
yeah. there's a lot of good
sushi places in Los Angeles.
but I don't fuck with lobster
rolls.
Lobsters are intelligent
creatures.
- You can hop on my wifi
network if you want to.
- My signal is shockingly good
here.
but I might take you up on that.
What is your network?
- It's "Behold the promised LAN"
like L-A-N. it used to be
Mr. Rogers neighborhertz.
but that was Lonnie's.
It is not even clever.
Oh. the password is easy to
remember.
It's "JUDGEMENT DAY" all caps.
- There's like a billion
fucking networks.
So I'm gonna have to mess with
this later.
But now I actually have to
get to this charity thing
I do at the youth shelter.
Can I grab you something for
the way out?
Like a beer or something?
I really appreciate all this.
- No. thank you.
Actually. I don't drink.
- Good for you. bro.
How long have you been sober?
- Now 10 years. honestly.
Lonnie was an AA.
So that kinda made me an AA.
but never even had a problem.
I just kinda got way into it.
Stuck with it. I don't know.
- Okay. cool.
Don't forget your plant. on the
way out.
- Oh no. no that's yours.
That's actually a house warming
gift.
My grandma runs this little
nursery
up in the central valley.
I give her a hand with
sometimes.
[phone ringing]
Speak of the angel.
- [John] Hey actually. do you
mind if I take this up here.
- Disappears in the courtyard.
- And do what you gotta do.
- Hey grandma.
I could probably just head on up
there next Sunday. like usual.
you know.
Yeah. I of course will groom
myself and wear a suit.
Not just for God. but for you.
All right. amen to that.
All right. may you go. I love
you. Bye.
She's out of her mind. man. See
you.
- Can I interest you in?
One for the road.
- Yeah. Thank you.
[soft wind whistling]
[ominous music]
[wind whistling]
- Did you forget something?
- You should just come and see
this.
[ominous music]
- It was moving on its own
or something invisible was
moving it.
There was a this light.
- Yeah. no. absolutely.
No doubt. I feel bad about this.
I actually do have to
get to my charity thing
at the youth shelter. but
I don't want to rush you.
- Totally. Yeah. What are we
gonna do?
Or we're gonna like stand
around all day
and talk about how I thought I
saw a ghost
in a new apartment.
I'm sorry. I'm the weirdest
neighbor you knew ever.
And don't be a stranger.
[ominous music]
[crystal clattering]
[door banging]
[diminishing invigorating music]
- That's so dumb.
- No. it's just weird.
It's like you go your whole
life thinking certain things
are always gonna be a mystery.
Like the identity of Jack the
Ripper
or Bermuda triangle or the
great pyramids.
- Pyramids aren't a mystery
anymore.
I saw this YouTube video
and they're just ramps in wet
sand.
- All right. Well. a lot of
things are still mysteries.
You just don't expect to witness
one on a shitty afternoon
in your cheap apartment.
- We are more surveilled
than ever in our own history.
Everyone has a camera
phone in their pocket
and we still don't have
even a single actual bit
of evidence for a ghost
or supernatural. whatever.
[ominous music]
Man. there it is.
It's right there.
- It's weird though. I
don't necessarily feel.
[ominous music]
Do you feel scared?
- When it was happening.
when we're looking at it. I
really did.
but it's getting replaced by
something.
- All right. this is gonna
sound weird
because you and me just met
but when I first moved out to
LA.
you get a job bar backing.
And one of my first days
I'm polishing a glass
and this dude behind the bar is
like.
"Hey. how long are you gonna
give it?"
Like. how long am I gonna give
it to strike gold out west?
And I tell him.
actually what do you think I
told him?
- 39 Years.
- I said 10 but it ended up
being 20.
And I'm still driving
the same shitty Mazda.
to the same bar. except my
kidneys hurt.
I am self medicating and
pretty sure my liver is shot.
All right. so like photography.
right?
Like that was supposed
to be your golden egg.
The thing you're passionate
about.
the thing that allows
you to make a living.
but it hasn't worked out for
you yet.
Life tons of things like that.
dude. tons.
Life's weird. Like sometimes
things just don't happen.
but that happened. right?
And that's more scarce than
gold.
It's like proof of the
supernatural.
That's like. book deals and
like movies
and like TV shows and like
religious views
and shit getting.
- So what do we do?
[knocking on the door]
- Hello?
Hello.
- Hello.
[airplane engine roaring]
- Oh Jesus.
- So. the house I grew up in.
had this big ass windows.
the pigeons could not see.
they just slam into it.
And you can't tell at first.
whether they are just like
stunned
or their brains are mush.
we build these things
and it protects them.
So they don't get eaten by like
a cat
and shit while we wait to
see if they wake up or not.
- Oh. we will never get the
full effect of it on a podcast.
- What?
- We're gonna try to
prove the supernatural.
We're gonna need some kind of
visuals.
People won't believe it.
- What are you thinking like a
YouTube channel or something?
- YouTube is like a whole like
subscriber.
metadata algorithm. hot girl
thumbnail.
like channel subscribe.
I don't understand YouTube.
I was thinking a documentary.
- All right. Well. I actually
do have to run to work now.
but I don't think I work
tomorrow night.
If you wanted to reconvene
then get it started.
- Yeah. let's do it.
- All right.
[Levi groaning]
Is it possible this is
extremely dangerous
and we just completely
overlooked that part?
- No one's ever died of like a
demon or a ghost or whatever.
It's always just slamming
cabinets and doors
and like cold spots and stuff.
- Totally. So if it gets
dangerous. we just stop.
Easy. right?
I'll see you then.
Can you take care of that
to put somewhere safe on
the side of the house.
Hey. hi. So sorry. I did
not make it to the thing.
- Yeah. First I did find
it a little bit strange
that the youth shelter
that Levi volunteers
that would send somebody to
check on him
when he doesn't show up. but...
- [Isabel] I'm sorry.
I think your bio was in one
of the destroyed hard drives.
Maybe let's get that first.
Okay?
- Yeah. Okay.
- [Levi] Just because this feels
a little bit weird is okay.
If I just look at you.
I know John likes it like this.
but you could just.
- [John] I started out with
photography
and I thought a better way
to finance photography was
to become a math teacher.
I thought it'd be more chill.
I thought I'll be the cool
teacher.
but those kids they just hated
me.
Even though I adjusted the
curve so much.
I should've been fired.
Some people. they like
kids. but they are not good.
Anyways. I fell in love with
Lonnie
and chased him out here to LA.
Now I spend my days and
nights charging scooters.
and I hope that the rent check
clears
so that I'm not moving in with
my grandma
when I'm in my thirties.
Move on to the
convict thing?
- [Levi] I mean. I think the
reason why I got into this
with John was that I just
loved watching X Files with
my sister I was little.
Now it's like everything
like the X Files I guess.
- [John] Even though Levi
played it off really well.
I knew something about that guy
was...
[soft soothing music]
You know I'll say this.
I can totally see why he
wouldn't want to share like
that.
[ominous music]
Hey. careful with the threading
on
that thing it's kinda old.
Is your phone okay?
- Yeah. I'm all good.
- God. all that heat just
coming from the closet?
- Yeah. it is hot as shit.
I have this theory that the
downstairs unit is vacant
and maybe like someone left on
a heater
or how kind of sweet would
ghost fire be?
- Yeah. how much do you
think like Netflix pays
for one of these documentaries.
Let's say about movies selling
at film festivals for millions
of dollars.
So I would say at least like 10
million.
something like that.
- Honestly. that sounds kind of
low.
Oh. hey. I know it's a
little early for this.
but I was thinking a
little bit about the title.
All right. check this out.
"Something in the light."
Isn't that cool?
I get it.
- Yeah. because of the fucking
light.
That's dope. I thought of one
too.
"The door that wouldn't shut."
[door cringing]
- For the title?
That's cool.
- Thank you.
- It's probably got too
syllables
though. you know. Right?
[camera shuttering]
- I'm pretty sure that's almost
the exact same amount of.
what was the other one?
- It's got one more syllable.
It's hard to remember.
So titles are important.
[footsteps diminishing]
[TV hissing]
[air whooshing]
- [John] Praise Jesus.
[crystal clanking]
I guess that waits for you for
that part.
[crystal beeping]
You rolling? You rolling?
- Oh shit.
[rapid beeping]
- Wait.
[camera beeping]
Fuck. Camera overheated
and the SD card was full.
So we couldn't have
gotten anything anyways.
- I might've gotten
something on the film camera.
but I doubt it and I didn't
charge the batteries.
So welcome to amateur hour.
- Dude. I feel like if you
get anything on day one.
that's a win.
- We didn't get anything.
Your camera was completely out
of focus.
- I don't think it was.
And also I just feel
like this is an indicator
that we need a better
plan. better equipment.
real cameras. real
lighting. real microphones.
- This is real.
- No. but I mean like
professional stuff.
like when you see politicians
and they got all microphones
on their collars.
We should like divvy up tasks.
Like you be the main camera guy
and I'll be the supplementary
camera guy.
I could do all the audio stuff.
And you could do like
the video organizing.
- Data manager.
- Data entry. Exactly.
And obviously we don't know
when exactly
this thing's happening.
We're probably going to take
shifts.
So. here you go.
Remember to lock up.
remember to leave all the
windows open.
So you don't fucking cook us.
- You know this is how stupid
people
get murdered on "Dateline."
right?
- You're gonna murder me?
- No one's getting murdered.
And ghosts can't kill you
either.
- You keep saying that.
but you're not Dana Fox or
Mulder Scully.
- How do you think a ghost
kills someone.
It has a ghost knife?
They just like pull out their
ghost shank
and they stab you and ghost
pre...
What is that?
- It's just like an energy
supplement.
I get out this nutropics
website.
- Are they safe?
- Yeah. it's just like a
all natural amino acids.
[ominous music]
[upbeat music]
[diminishing soft music]
- Kind of hard to explain.
but yeah. I mean. I'm kind of
an idiot.
I was supposed to do
something with him tonight.
but I forgot to get his contact
info
and he's not home so.
Grandma you're genius.
Yeah. He's gotta be on some
kind of social media somewhere.
[ominous music]
Sorry. Yeah. I'll call you back
later on.
I love you. Bye.
[banging on door]
- What's up man.
Oh. they make me dress like this
for like the speakeasy and shit.
it fucking sucks.
Did I get the right hard drives?
Dope. I actually.
I picked up a high decibel
camera right next to my work.
So. I have that too.
Did you get the gear?
- Yeah.
- Awesome. Okay.
Are we're gonna do this or...
- Yeah.
- And the gear?
[ominous music]
[bell jingling]
[camera stand falling]
- Hey John. I know I said I
could do this.
but I was incorrect.
Do you mind helping me out.
Thanks bud.
This camera's basically
what I was talking about
in terms of a bigger thing and
actually never told you this.
I was gonna buy a bunch
of camera equipment several
years back.
but someone told me my tips
would up
to like 20 to 40% if I fixed my
teeth.
So I got braces. spent
all the money on that.
Didn't get the camera
equipment. check this out.
- You are on the audio.
- Was I supposed to?
- I already got it.
- So. are you being weird
because we forgot to run audio?
- The other day in front of our
place.
Who was that?
- That was my probation
counselor.
I told you I've got the charity
thing
I do at the youth shelter
and they just get really
weird when I don't show up
or I'm late or anything.
- You know that everyone would
say
there's a huge difference
between volunteer work
and mandatory community service.
- I don't want to get
caught up in the weeds
of what exactly that's called.
- You want to tell me what
you did to get yourself a PO.
- It is a not an interesting
story. not even worth telling.
So you read online that I'm
a registered sex offender.
- What?
- I was having to go cocktails.
during one of the big city-wide
shutdowns
and I had to piss really bad.
There were literally no
restrooms open anywhere.
I see this alley. I go back
there I am relieving myself
and the next thing I know.
I'm pissing all over my shoes
because the cop handcuffed...
[bottle breaking]
That was the wall of a daycare
center.
A closed daycare center.
- Is that true?
- Yeah. It's true.
I mean you can look up the
court record
that those things are really
dry.
And I just gave the cliff notes
version
and it's really hard to defend
yourself
against pedophilia allegations
wearing a fucking bow tie.
[soft humming]
[TV humming softly]
- We are rolling?
- Yeah. we are rolling.
[camera clicking]
When I was younger I did
this thing called geocaching.
It's kind of like scavenger
hunting.
but for adults with the GPS
and 10 or 20 years ago I found
this book
and it was really cool
kind of pseudoscience coffee
table book.
It's called the "Geometry of
Magnetism."
And it's written in like
Esperanto
and the author's name was
redacted.
I swear to you. that symbol
is on the cover of my book.
- What? That's not very ghost
like.
- No.
Do I seem okay?
- I don't know.
I don't know you.
- No. I mean. do I seem like
I'm having some kind of a
psychotic break?
- No. psychotic breaks
are totally different.
[soft wind whistling]
- If you're a ghost. do
something.
[soft wind whistling]
Do something different.
I mean. we don't actually have
any reason
to think that this is a
ghost or a Poltergeist.
It's the first of movies
or books that you've read.
We might have this all wrong.
- So what is it?
- That's the question?
[resonant rejuvenating music]
The symbol that's on my book
and that was on that refraction.
I swear to God. I've also been
seeing it all over the city.
[resonant rejuvenating music]
Look. all of this is the EM
spectrum.
ElectroMagnetic spectrum.
it's radio waves on up
to the visible light and
this is using derivatives
to find acceleration of
velocity.
but look the value for gravity
is wrong.
They just changed it. And
I don't really know why.
And then this is a ratio
that's kind of like pi.
which people call them golden
ratio.
- Are we quoting Dan
Brown books right now?
- What?
- I'm not making it a
Divinci Code documentary.
- No. Jesus. no. it's just a
ratio.
It's not exactly the
Fibonacci sequence or phi
or the golden ratio or whatever.
It's just an irrational number
with infinite decimals out to
infinity.
There are millions of
irrational numbers.
This is common in the world and
in math.
And it has something
to do with a rectangle.
that when it's expressed as a
ratio.
it is that irrational number.
I don't know what it means
either.
- This has nothing to
do with nautilus shells
the Grail or Stonehenge?
[airplane engine roaring]
[electric static noise]
- Everything we've seen so far.
It's either been on
the EM spectrum visible
light. radio waves or...
[resonant rejuvenating music]
Gravity.
- Okay. So it's like.
There is one for gravity
and there's one for electrical
shock.
- Electromagnetism.
- Right. yeah.
- Maybe there's two of them.
- Two what?
Man. I hope the neighbors are
all right?
- I heard there was a murder.
- Hey. I keep having this
thought.
Mind giving me a light really
quick?
- I got you.
- Jesus.
Okay.
Here you go. Don't
forget you get to inhale.
- When we first met. you said
this phrase.
it was. "You can only fall so
fast."
Why did you say that?
- I wanted to be a skydive
instructor.
- No shit.
- Yeah.
- How many times did you jump?
- One.
- And then I was like.
Hey. maybe I'll like start a
band.
but how do you find all
those different people
to play those individual
instruments?
And then I was like.
well. maybe I'll get into like
the skateboard apparel industry.
but for some reason my parol
counselor
was really against me
getting into fashion.
And I wanted to work on a
fishing boat in Jamaica.
maybe like surfing tours or
something.
But there's some legal
issues with the passport.
The point is that nothing
ever quite clicked.
- Yes. I floated around a lot
too.
I feel like I was built for
this.
- I would also think I was
built for this
if my thing was electricity
and treasure hunting and not
gravity.
- There's nothing to that?
- I mean my entire life.
I felt like there's like
this invisible force
just holding me back from
accomplishing anything
I dream about. anything I want
to do.
- That's super depressing
and you should talk to
a therapist about that.
- I am not like a
continuously depressed person.
This cop just totally parked in
my space.
I just feel like someone
chucked me out of an airplane
when I was a baby.
And I've been at terminal
velocity my entire life.
I didn't ask that person to
chuck me out of that airplane.
[cop cursing]
- How does your parole work.
[deep breathing]
[knock on the door]
You know it's insanely weird
that you give apples
to kids for Halloween.
Actually you know it's weird.
is that their parents don't
just check
the sex offender registry before
they send them marching up
to your door.
You know. they're gonna check
those apples for razors though.
- The OD across the way was
originally
put it is a murder
and parents still bring
their children there.
I don't think they're worried
about
the who guy peed on a wall.
[camera shuttering]
[ominous music]
[door cringing]
[items clattering]
- [Robert] Well. basically when
people buy
or build on a property.
they hire me to come in
and assess for any geologic
hazards.
landslides. seismic activity.
sink holes. volcanoes.
- [John] Volcanoes? Are you
serious?
- Yeah. Volcanoes.
[ominous music]
- [John] That's awesome.
Can you just tell me what you
found
in the soil samples beneath the
apartment?
- Yeah. Well. I know you were
concerned
that there were some anomalies.
The chromium was a little high.
There was some Lead in there.
I have some from pre 1978 paint
job.
but everything was okay.
No more arsenic or anything
like that.
- [John] The other.
The other thing I know.
- What's that?
- [John] The crystal thing.
- The crystal?
- Are you all right?
[footsteps approaching]
- Do you mind shooting this
real quick?
- Why?
- Well. it's supposed to be 175
and it's obviously much lower.
And if gravity is fluctuating
that much it could be really
messing
with the foundation of the
building
and that earthquake had
just been a warning shot.
- I don't want to invalidate
what you're saying at all.
It's just. you know what I
mean we live in Los Angeles.
there's earthquakes all the time
and people's weight
fluctuates. It's normal.
I mean. it just think
we've got to be kind of
scientific about this.
we can't just assign meaning
to every little thing.
- I get all that.
but if in a month we got
from some floating things
and some lights to
earthquakes by New Year's
we would be under rubble.
And we did agree when we
started this.
that if we felt like we
were in danger. we'd stop.
And I'm not saying we should
stop.
I think we should at
least acknowledge this.
- I've been giving some thought
to that title you suggested.
And honestly I think I just
judged it a little too early
and I think it's thematically
resonant
with what we're trying to do
here.
And I think we should use it.
- "The door that wouldn't shut."
[ghostly whistling]
[Electric static noise]
[ominous music]
- Hey. can you mute that really
quick?
[ominous music]
[door cringing]
- I listen to this podcast.
actually can you record that
really quick on your camera?
- So. we're rolling.
- I have this podcast
that I listened to by.
I don't even know.
He has this kind of wild
unifying theory
of the universe that the
aliens actually planted
the building blocks of life on
earth
as some kind of a science
experiment.
And they don't want to
contaminate their experiment.
which is why we don't hear from
them.
but we will make contact
or they will make contact at
some point
once we are socially and
politically evolved enough.
So maybe that's now maybe
that's us.
and maybe the heat and all
these critters
and all of that is just
the flora and fauna
and weather on another planet.
- And that's actually
a really interesting.
do you mind if I jump in
there and just kind of. okay.
I'm just gonna have to get that
frame up.
So here's the thing.
I saw online the other day
that basically scientists think
that there are some planets
sort of like earth. right?
But the nearest one.
like the nearest one
that would have water.
the nearest one to have
like little critter
like the one we've been hearing.
it would be like 6.000 years
away using
the best technology we
could possibly come up with.
That being what it is.
how do we explain it being in
my attic?
Also. where did you hear this
podcast?
- Just on a message board
somewhere.
- Are there message pods for
more things
than like anime and finding
contract killers and stuff?
- Just because something sounds
a little bit crazy doesn't
mean it's not partially true.
I mean. that's how you find
truth.
MK ultra. that was actually
mind control.
COINTELPRO that was real.
soft disclosure of UFO's
just happened to Congress.
- Here we are at the launch
status center.
Let's go inside and see if we
can find anybody to talk to.
NASA has known about a time
travel method
of Albert Einstein.
He said. if you travel
at the speed of light.
you can time travel.
- Time travel.
- Start over.
[ominous music]
- There is no light source.
- Crystal?
You mean the quartz deposits?
- [John] Yeah. and how
it can create electricity and
focus.
- It definitely doesn't
create electricity.
Quartz is the most abundant
mineral in the world.
If you have them underneath
your house you're fine.
[soft humming]
[ominous music]
- [John] In your own words.
Just say what happened here?
- I think that if one was to
express
what you thought happened to
you.
it might be seen as trying
to garner some fame and
attention.
- [John] Wind a minute. you
know. these things found us.
we're not doing it for fame or
recognition
or anything like that.
We just saw something profound
and we wanted to share it with
the world.
I don't know what the
problem with that would be.
- I don't want to be rude.
- [John] It's okay. It's okay.
- Why didn't you play
yourselves in the recreations?
[door banging]
- Is that exactly where
the snake skin was?
- Yeah. It was a little
bit more in a closet.
but I just pulled it a
little out for the shot.
just so it would show up
more on camera on this side.
- Okay. Cool.
Well. I mean your sleep looked
great.
You wanna cut?
- Yeah. Okay. Awesome.
- All right. It's so weird
doing all this stuff over again.
It's like you're taking too
many edibles
and watch Unsolved Mysteries
and you think you on
the recreation sketch.
- [John] Nope.
- Pod of Orcas.
apex predator of the sea
and obviously an Orca has never
attacked
a human in the wild.
but still just out of fucking
respect.
I hold out on the spear
and one of them swims over.
I call him Shamoo.
He swam over and just gently ate
the stingray right off my spear
and then swims away with the
pod singing
these beautiful whale
songs like just for me.
- Hey I keep on having this
idea.
Actually do you mind
rolling this really quick?
I'm sorry. I just.
- Yeah. Yeah. Let's do this.
- So I think you're right about
the distance thing with the
aliens.
I think it's impossible
to had any contact.
it's too far away.
but if the universe is actually
in 10 dimensions like this
Ted talk I listened to.
maybe these gateways to other
dimensions
are actually just all around us.
And the gateways are right top
of us.
We just can't see them.
So maybe your closet down there.
that's just another gateway
to another dimension
that has different temperatures
and different flora and
fauna and our creators.
trying to get us to do
something.
You like it?
- See. that and this.
just a couple of things
I'm gonna miss about LA.
- I think you're crazy if you
are leaving.
- I mean. this is gonna change
everything.
- The other night I was
leaving my shift at work.
I heard a little buzz
and I'm walking home. walking
up Sunset.
There is always people
who are getting ready
for some big. dirty crazy night
out.
And you kind of feel the energy
of it.
And the Santa Ana winds are
blowing
and I look over and it's
another coyote.
He's looking right through
me like I'm a ghost.
And then he just trots off.
down Sunset Boulevard.
that big old coyote smile.
And no one talks about like
those moments in Los Angeles.
People talk about the traffic.
People talk about everything
else.
everything they can complain
about.
but they never talk about
like those magical LA moments.
- Yeah. You got to dig
deep in the city for it but
Magic is there.
- Today I had this fantasy.
I am living in some small town.
like a small town. like
in Stephen King stories.
where you can afford rent
and like some big ass Victorian
house
and get a dog and go to summer
festivals
and eat fresh produce.
And this documentary would
be like my retirement fund
for that life.
- You know. they chose
this location for Hollywood
because of the beautiful light?
I am no Hemingway but I feel
like we found light literally
and metaphorically just
right down in your apartment.
Maybe you should take that as a
sign.
Stick around a little while
longer.
finish this documentary.
You'll see another magic coyote.
Maybe I can set you up with
someone.
- Here we go.
- What?
- Like I've never been
attracted to anyone.
And that is a very hard thing
to explain to people that
you'd be interested in dating.
[airplane engine roaring]
- It's getting a little
unsettling.
- You don't think that has
anything
to do with what we're doing
downstairs.
like it's Bermuda triangle shit.
- No. I get the no attraction
thing.
but you know. Lonnie
for all of his faults.
for all the reasons it didn't
really work out between us.
to me at least he was accepting.
he wanted to bring kids
into this apocalypse.
which is bonkers.
- How do you mean?
- I was out with this guy
one time on one of the apps
and we're talking about all the
ways
that the world could end.
I mean. we're all gonna die.
right?
We're so fixated on not dying.
but it's all gonna happen to us.
So what's the big deal?
I mean what's even the big deal
with like genocides and then
the conversation naturally led
to my church and people get all
binary
when they hear the word
evangelicals.
I mean. people use this phrase
to give themselves peace.
"This too shall pass." right?
But you can just say.
"This to shall end."
It's the same sentiment. the
world's ending for sure. Right?
So why even worry?
You know. it's kinda like you
not wanting
to do it with anyone.
You don't understand it unless
it's you.
- Alright. Actually I got to
get to bed.
- Actually the bar is open soon
if you want we can just
grab a quick drink.
- No. I've got to work tonight.
[ominous music]
- [Narrator] That makes them
quite literally the angels
and not just Abrahamic
religions.
but very likely the
Samaritans and Babylonians.
Well folks tonight. this
lone voice in the desert.
will talk to author. Jesse
Summoner. about his latest book.
"Inter-dimensional Angels.
Spirituality in an
Ultra-Terrestrial
World Multi-Verse."
As well as his lecture series
on the works of John Keel
and research in the so-called
Arcadian time anomalies.
in the world. San Diego.
- Why are you dressed like that?
- I don't want to get
bit by a black widow.
If this thing. going against
the walls.
Bit someone.
We didn't call animal
control. I feel really bad.
- I thought I'd measure
because building codes
have standardized ratios
for a long time.
So you can buy third-party
stuff from Home Depot.
Your closet threshold
has a different ratio
than the rest of the building.
[ominous music]
[glass shattering]
- Holy shit.
[ominous music]
[electric static from the
device]
[machine whirring indistinctly]
- There's this thing
called Jerusalem syndrome.
It's when people go to
that city for the first
time in the modern day.
they get the sense that their
whole life led to that moment.
I think maybe that's what I'm
doing.
- That's what they speak in
Jerusalem?
- No. that was Greek.
- I had this really cool math
teacher.
the one that got me into math.
And she was this hippie
that would do these long units
on interesting mathematicians.
And she did this whole week on
Pythagoras.
You know. the triangle guy?
A squared + B squared?
High school. middle school?
Anyway. he actually had this
society.
some people called it a cult.
but it was called the
Pythagorean brotherhood.
And they did everything from
a numerology to reincarnation.
to. you know. ritual summoning
magic.
They worshiped numbers.
What I'm getting at is I fully
recognize
that I might be all Jerusalem
syndrome
in LA right now. but I think
maybe that's what this is.
I think it's the Pythagoras.
- Well. why can't be a
group like the Freemasons
or the Moose Lodge or...
- What's that?
- The one that's on discovery
channel all the time.
It's the Rose Croutons.
- The Rose Croutons?
The Rosicrucian's.
Yeah. I mean.
I guess it could be any
fraternal organization.
but when you want to
figure this out. right?
- So you're saying the
shitty apartment next door
is a magic Greek temple.
[ominous music]
- This is just dream logic.
- This isn't a year.
It is the number of days I
spent in a mental institution
when I was a teenager.
- It's like all of your
teenage years. what for?
- You're part of an
evangelical Armageddon church.
And you're judging me for
managing my mental health
at a young age?
- I'm not. I'm sincerely not.
And is that what you've been
acting so weird about today?
My church group?
- I am acting weird
because you compared my sexual
identity
to your apocalypse church.
[ominous music]
- We celebrate Christmas without
believing in Santa. right?
It's like that.
It's exactly like that.
We celebrate and talk about the
end
because it gives us a sense
of community. progress...
[diminishing voice]
- My first thought was.
"This is my cue to leave."
Then I'm walking to Griffith
park
and I'm taking umm...
And I come across this park
bench
that has this plaque on it.
And on the plaque is William
Thomson
from the tape who turns
out was the city planner.
- Good work.
- And I felt like I made a
discovery.
I made a break through.
[phone ringing]
[upbeat music]
[Levi snoring]
[ominous music]
[upbeat music]
[crystal falling]
[electric static]
[slow ominous humming]
[gentle pianissimo music]
You left the windows closed
again.
The closet is trying to
cook us in our sleep.
- Sorry about that.
I looked up who owned that
website
and I just found this
social media profile left up
as a Memorial to some dead guy.
- We just sorta run something
past you.
What if that is stop?
You know. and what if the other
night
when that block of quartz
was almost dropped to my head
what if that was a message
that was like. "Hey. stop."
- We're not quite in dangerous
uncharted territory yet.
I mean. Jesus man. we're in
Laurel Canyon.
Harry Houdini used to live here.
Jim Morrison used to
live here. I don't know.
Maybe we were just the most
recent people
that tap into its special
frequency or something.
- You realized that everyone
you just said had a horrible
death.
[gentle guitar music]
- Did you hear that?
- Yeah.
[gentle guitar music]
Hey can you play with it?
[guitar music]
Yeah. Okay. Keep playing.
I'll be right back.
[brisk guitar music]
Pythagoras had this thing
called the Honey of the Spheres.
Where he believed that the
movement
of the stars corresponded to
musical notes
and the musical notes
will make a symphony.
So play again. but just
really slow because I suck.
I've only play this thing a few
times.
- Alright.
[soft guitar music]
- All right see. Higher.
- Actually. I think we might be
good.
I think we kinda got the.
you know. how it works
and how this does the whole
thing.
- I don't think anyone's
gonna buy half a documentary.
- The thing is pretty heavy.
- Hey. I really get it.
we are on to something.
Just do it for me please.
Thank you. Alright.
[rapid guitar music]
[high pitched electric static]
- Oh. what the fuck.
[alarm blaring]
- I mean Beethoven was deaf.
Are your ears still ringing?
- My ears are so fucked
they cannot get any worse.
- Are you in a band or
something.
- I wish I was in a band.
I worked the summer at
symphony hall in San Antonio
and something about the
acoustics there.
Night after night just
battered my ear drums.
- Oh man. I would've quit.
- [Levi] Couldn't quit. It was
my job. I had to pay my rent.
- Oh yeah. sorry.
- It was part of another
probation program.
- Another one?
- I'm not offended.
I get. this is really
entertaining for you.
but this one involves my sister
and out of respect for her.
I'd rather just not talk about
it. especially on camera.
- [John] Oh yeah. yeah. Sorry
about that.
Yeah. Camera is off.
So think about every little
thing
that's taking you to this
moment so far.
can't change anything by like a
second.
And we never even meet these
things.
- No closet. no symbol. No 1908.
[traffic light beeping]
That was amazing.
- Yeah. I mean. what's crazier?
Believing every single
coincidence you ever see
or just ignoring them all.
- In last week. Yeah.
Timing changes everything.
- I thought this through. stay
with me.
you and me. our whole lives.
We've seen all of these movies
and TV shows and video games
that are basically about
simulations. right.
And right now.
me and you are making a film
referencing simulations.
Isn't this all totally stuff
that you would program
into your own simulation?
- So there were these
neuroscientists on it
that were saying that
unconscious minds
have their own agendas.
Maybe the entities are
controlling our unconscious
minds
in order to get us to do
something
like that signaling contact.
but the receivers are our
limbic systems.
- And then someday someone's
gonna watch this finished film.
I'll be watching from their
simulations
and all of their simulations
will collide
with this simulation right here.
- I'd say. I just can't figure
out
what that has to do with the
Pythagorean.
but I think it's really cool.
- All right. What you're saying
makes perfect sense. but...
- What is?
- Cats. there are these
parasites
that you can get from cats
that actually mind control
humans.
That's totally real. You can
look it up.
There's cats all around our
buildings
so we can totally have these
parasites.
They might be using these
parasites to control us.
Schizophrenia increased around
the turn of the century.
which is right around the
cat ownership became common.
- I've actually got to get to
work.
We should wrap this up.
- I mean. we haven't even
checked
like a third of the grave site.
- Well. I can't call in sick
again
chasing down apparently my
shitty theory.
[ominous music]
- Yeah. I don't know how you
knew
that that was my phone number.
That's a pretty well
coincidence.
- [John] It's nearly impossible.
- I mean. statistically it's
impossible
that coincidences don't happen.
- [John] You were compelled to
bring
in Dr. Rita Miller. right?
A chemistry PhD from UCLA.
And what was the point
at which you thought.
"All right. time to
bring in the big guns?"
- I suspected that there may
be some impaired thinking.
which is a side effect
of chromium and lead.
So I referred what I found
to a chemist that I knew in
undergrad.
Rita. also her PhD is in music
history.
It's not in chemistry.
- I think I would be most
natural.
It was like. I was doing
something else.
and then you just walked
up and you're like.
"Hey. you guys do this
like documentary thing."
And then you just do it that
way.
And then we get to the chemist
to drop off soil sample.
She wants to sign an NDA.
but it does turn out that her
wife went
to high school with John's
sister.
- [John] Hang on. it's
messing up the audio.
- We get to the chemist to
drop off the soil sample
and she will not sign an NDA.
- Hang on you just look like
your picking up lenses...
- She will not sign an NDA.
- No. you look like
you're putting up lenses
and put them down. stop.
- And she will not sign an NDA.
but it turns out that high
school had the same name
as the street that John
found the first symbol.
And the phenomenon just
dried up. Just stopped.
- [John] Can we just do
that last little bit.
but just kind of like dark and
mysterious
so that you can imagine the
music
and bite the apple with
finality theme
so we can cut out on it.
- Finality. Yeah. Got it.
And then the phenomenon
just dried up. Just stopped.
- [John] Wait. can we do
it without the glasses?
[static humming]
- Hey. you look cool.
You are a real smoker. Good at
it.
[camera shuttering]
[radio speaking indistinctly]
I'm a little lighter. which
I have mixed feelings about.
but maybe a little phenomenon
kicking in.
[radio speaking indistinctly]
I admit it.
[static noises]
- The radio station is 1908.
- Radios like that don't
go that high. do they?
- No. they don't.
[static noises]
- Can you record this.
[static noises from radio]
- Okay. Just get focus.
- You are getting it?
- [Radio] Of this apocalypse
was...
- Did you roll any of that?
- I'm rolling now.
but I'm not really sure
what I'm rolling on.
but the good news is
that any time this stuff
happens once it happens twice
and camera's ready
and we'll just wait
for it to happen again.
- And what if it doesn't?
[ominous music]
- All right. So it's been a
few weeks since any weird stuff
so I am thinking. it's time for
me
to finally get out of the city.
I just got to tell John. which
is awkward.
[phone ringing]
- [John] Hey. I know I'm
supposed
to legally ask you for consent
to record.
but this is really.
It's kinda huge. so just
know it's recording. Cool?
Yeah. Right.
Hey man. this is hard to
say. but I'm leaving. I gotta
be totally up by the first or
they take my security deposit
[John interrupting]
- So last night I'm downstairs
and just helping Lonnie
through a vulnerable moment
he was having.
- Is that enough?
- Yeah.
- And I look at the apartment
next door
and here it was. I found it.
The floating doorway
and the door was just wide open.
So I walk in...
[lock shattering]
And inside there's just a whole
bunch
of these strays Sphinx cats.
And there was this...
- [Levi] What?
[ominous music]
So if they made that
person over there. OD.
then that's like a sacrifice.
And it was a sacrifice.
That means this whole thing is
a ritual.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I guess everything started right
when she OD. so that's
a really good theory.
- Wait. didn't you say it was
a guy walking his dog. the
junkie?
- You ever have a dream
that you suspect is actually
just a buried memory?
- I hope not. my dreams are
terrifying.
[people yelling]
- I keep on having this
recurring dream
that I think might have
actually happened to me.
where I'm a kid and I'm
watching TV.
There's a symbol in Budapest
in Middle East. in
somewhere I don't recognize.
But then I think maybe it's
just my brain being manipulated
by this place telling me to
figure it out.
[closet door creaking]
What's with your closet?
What's this building?
What's your apartment?
I mean. jeez. something about
this city.
maybe like some kind of a
receiver.
transmitted something
like a satellite dish.
[Knock on the door]
[ominous music]
Check it out.
Yeah. Okay. This city was
designed according to this
tablet.
Yeah. See these neighborhoods
and these parks are all on the
same grid like configuration.
I mean. I guess in 1908.
when about when all of those
would have been put up.
Fred Thompson would have been
supervising
the planning on that. so...
- I just checked Quora
and there is no succulent.
no cactus. not anything
like that. that grows fruit.
That looks like that.
[ominous music]
- I'm gonna try to eat it.
- Actually pause for a second.
This dishwasher at work.
he ate this cactus.
He thought was peyote and
he got this mouth infection
and they had to remove his jaw.
- I might be one of the first
people
in the universe to taste
an inter-dimensional fruit.
If I died doing that. I'm fine
with that.
[ominous music]
- Is that morse code?
[banging on the door]
[suspenseful music]
- Oh my God.
- What?
- It's a book.
- Someone left us a book?
- The delivery guy left us a
book
because I bought a book about
the neighborhood on Amazon.
- Fucking asshole. I
almost stabbed a mailman.
I found the original
survey of this land parcel.
And yes. indeed the original
city planners
did use this shape in order
to define the real estate
borders.
Brief glimpse at the history
of this patch of dirt.
tells us precisely why
they might've done that.
Did you know that Aldous Huxley
once
had a Mescalin experience
that was mystical
and changed his entire
life. just over the hill.
Jack Parsons of the jet
propulsion laboratory
and sex magic fame.
for a very brief time rented
one of these apartments.
And also if one were to examine
the soil.
he'd find evidence of a
meteorite strike.
Might be natural to ask what
exactly
were the early Pythagorean
city planners doing here.
Well. it's the same thing as us.
researching the gateway.
Gateway or science.
meets magic.
[ominous music]
How's that?
- That was great.
I really liked the accent.
- Was I doing an accent?
- No it sounds like a
Hobbit. It was awesome.
- Should we retake it?
- No. we're great.
but wait. there's an extra
little piece at the end. right?
- The part about if we're for.
I don't think we're gonna use
it.
And even if we were wrong
about everything else.
it has always been here.
here in this patch of dirt.
Actually. by the way I
was thinking about it.
That should be the title.
"Something in the Dirt".
not "Something in the Light".
- You hear that?
[morse code beeping]
- That's morse code.
- How'd you know which one was
langitude
and which one was lotitude.
- Latitude and longitude. and I
didn't.
If you swap those two
coordinates.
you end up at Point Nemo.
the most isolated place on earth
in the middle of the Pacific
ocean.
So the place in the middle of
the Pacific
is gonna be plan B
and the place that's right near
us
in the desert is gonna be plan
A.
- What's this?
I thought you said you had this
book
since you were a teenager.
- I did. I just got it
reprinted when we needed it.
because it was kind of falling
apart.
- Really?
- Yeah. Stop being paranoid.
It's weird.
[ominous music]
[static noise]
[shrill static noise]
I was wondering if maybe
that's sacrifice next door.
Maybe that's the quartz
and the building is foundation
needs.
Blood. like life energy in
order to carry the signals
that communicate with the mind
parasites.
I know sounds kind of nuts.
but I'm just riffing here.
You want to get back on the
road.
- Yeah. This is the same zip
code
as the beach I spear fish at.
and that is the beach
which I spear fish at.
- I don't know it kind of looks
like
It could be a beach
anywhere though. right?
- It really looks like it.
- I am just trying to make
sure that we stay on track
so we get the right answer.
"Speed is fine. but accuracy is
final."
Wyatt Earp said that.
- Okay. Hi. I'm Michael.
I was brought in later in
the whole process of the
documentary
because the edit was getting.
Basically John empowered me
to give my point of view.
You know. the one that he
couldn't see.
keep it objective.
At first I thought if we
all trusted each other
and the checks cleared
and that's when John was in
control
and it was what it was.
But then after the radiation
incident.
[static noise]
[suspenseful music]
[ominous music]
- All right. First things first.
I need you to stay calm
because I have this completely
under control. okay?
- What's up John?
- The electromagnetic spectrum
does not end in visible light
and infrared. there's also
the UV part of the spectrum.
And I have a sunburn
that was caused by ultraviolet
rays. look.
That could be x-ray radiation.
We might've been walking around
in gamma rays for months.
It mutated that plant.
who knows what it's doing to
our DNA.
We might not even be human
anymore.
[Levi mumbling]
Now have constructed this
radiation suit
because we can't let building
management
sending the EMF inspector
and I closed all the
windows just to be safe.
So. give it a look.
[radiation suite rustling]
[ominous music]
It cooked the plant.
What's with the skull?
- So I downloaded geocache app
and I put in the zip code
from the redacted manuscript
and coordinates came up for
the beach that I Spearfish at.
And I swam down in the
reef and I found that guy.
- You did that?
- Well. you know. you're not
supposed
to keep geocaches catches.
right?
- I know. I just figured since
it was probably relevant
to what we're doing. but...
[Levi chuckling]
Wait. you keep geocaches all
the time.
- How is a fake scull relevant.
- How do you know it's a fake
skull?
- You cooked the fucking hard
drives.
- We both cooked the fucking
hard drives.
- You are the video...
[both arguing indistinctly]
You are the fucking video
organizer.
And I told you a million
fucking times.
to open the windows.
- Was I supposed to do man?
Just let radiation billow out
all over Laurel Canyon like
Chernobyl.
- There is no radiation.
And you left the hard drives
next
to the hottest place in the
whole fucking apartment.
- They're not all cooked.
We'll just recreate something.
[speaking in a foreign language]
- As soon as I talked to him.
he said. okay. this is all real.
What I need you to redo.
and whatever the fuck that
means.
and what really sucks was that
Stefania
was like this we are not going
to give them the footage.
until we get paid.
I'd personally hold onto that
footage
until they get paid and we got
fired.
And now we're on what would
be the sixth editor. seven?
How many is it?
[door unlocking]
- I thought you're working
tonight.
My carbon monoxide detector
went off
and I'm gonna have someone take
a look
at it tomorrow morning.
but in the meantime.
it's for my own safety.
I'm gonna stay on up here
tonight.
- Actually. I'm not working
tonight
and I kinda need my spot.
- I mean. maybe I could
just stay in the bedroom.
If you're gonna stay out here.
[radio humming indistinctly]
[ceremonial music]
- Welcome back.
[rapid ceremonial music]
[diminishing ceremonial music]
- Is it the biggest fluctuation
yet.
[ground rumbling]
I'm telling you. man. this
can be really dangerous.
This structure could be...
- Every building in LA since
has been retrofitted for
earthquakes.
Come on. they are back. come on.
Thought it would be a kind of a
big night
at the bar. right? New Year's?
- I got fired.
- Really?
- Yeah. And if we're
gonna keep taking beers.
will you please replenish
them like I asked
to replenish fucking times.
- I'm sure you're gonna find
another bartending gig. right?
- I liked my job and bartending
jobs
are insanely hard to find in
Los Angeles.
I'm leaving anyways. Fuck it.
- Wait. you're still gonna go.
Thread just picked up.
you're just gonna go?
- I don't have a thread.
You have a thread and hoax
skeletons
and non-existent radiation
aren't part of it.
This new stuff doesn't add up.
Better explanations will be
that you got fucking brain
damage from reduced gravity.
- Do you think that maybe you
blame random shit on gravity.
because you don't want
to bother to figure out
what's really going on?
- Why do you do that?
- Do what Levi?
- Somehow everything
everyone else says as absurd.
but fucking...
[ominous music]
[rapid suspenseful music]
- Roll the security camera.
- It's glitching again it's
frozen.
- You got to restart it in
the playback part of the app.
- No shit.
What's this?
- Came in and it looked
like your bag had exploded.
So I cleaned up your mess.
- Weird because it looks like
you're going through my shit.
- Yeah. I accidentally
saw some legal documents
and sure I suppose that you're
not
what most people would think
of as a real sex offender.
But what you are is a person
who helped his sister
rob construction sites.
And I'm pretty sure your license
is suspended for some
unpaid parking tickets.
- All right. here's what
happened.
I was helping her get back
something
that she said was hers.
And that was probably a
really stupid thing to do.
But I did it because I felt
guilty
about giving her her first bump.
And I have no idea why I'm
explaining
this to an asshole extremist
who lives off of with his
ex-husband.
- You know what it makes
a whole lot of sense
that you turned your sister
into a junkie.
Did that kill her?
[suspenseful music]
Yeah. Go ahead and record this.
[ominous music]
You know why I think you're
leaving?
It's because you are allergic
to success.
You're a fuck up.
And you wear it like some
kind of a badge of honor
and you dress like a child
so that nobody ever
expects anything of you.
To be really honest.
I think if we actually found
some success
in this thing we're trying to
do.
you'd find a way to fuck that
up.
- What have you had the success
at?
Actually don't tell me.
I don't give a shit.
I'm just fascinated that in
addition
to being an unemployed
arrogant. fascist.
you're also a compulsive liar.
- Actually I've made more money
than you've ever seen in your
entire life.
- John you're a scooter
wrangler.
- And you are the oldest
bartender in LA.
I bet your parents are
really proud of that.
- Wait. what did you
do with all that money?
- I donated it.
- To who? To what?
- To my church.
- You're right. I'm a fuck up.
but at least I'm not a gullible
fraud.
I mean. you put away the courts
collection
and the snake skins before
I come over at least
and hide the receipts for
the shit you fabricated.
[ominous music]
- You know I think I just
realized
that I'm glad that you're
leaving
because the only reason
I'm doing this with you
is because you just happened to
pay rent
on this stupid place by
coincidence.
It really upsets me to watch
you deceive yourself thinking
that it's gonna be any
better where you're going.
because you don't realize
that you still have to
live with being you.
You're a fuck up. You're a
criminal.
And you have a low IQ.
[suspenseful music]
- Sometimes I wonder if these
two things
are just like you and me.
like one of them
manipulating the other one
and one in this rabbit hole to
nowhere.
And the other one just comes
to simply going along with it
because he just wants to
believe in something different
than his actual life.
- Maybe the complicit one's
life wouldn't be so shitty
if he was smart enough to
dig his own rabbit hole.
Maybe the gravity one shouldn't
blame
the electromagnetism one for
the fact
that he was a piece of a long
time
before they ever met.
- Shit I just realized.
you're neither one of them.
but best here. whatever is
slithering in the ceiling.
just a big fucking reptile.
I am done. Get the fuck out.
[static noise]
[dog barking at a distance]
[footsteps approaching]
- If it helps. I felt that
quake down in the garage.
- That was a real earthquake?
You and me aren't friends.
I mean. I don't have
any friends or family.
I still wouldn't choose
to spend time with you
if we weren't working
on this thing together.
that said it's a lot easier to
believe
that someone is pure
evil when in actuality.
it's really unlikely
that either one of us is.
- Well. I don't know.
One of us could be.
- Either way. I want all
these threads to add up.
but there's just more threads.
- All right.
Tomorrow morning. oh jeez.
I guess in a few hours.
I'll have somebody come take a
look
at the apartment and if it's
safe.
you and I can hold up down
there until you move on
to wherever you're going.
And I'll just stay in my car
tonight.
- No. you're probably right
if this place is gonna
sink into the ground
it would've already.
I'll sleep on this guy.
Shove it in there just to be
safe.
you can take my room.
- All right.
Hey.
Can I have a second beer to
help me sleep?
[loud banging]
[John breathing heavily]
[fireworks cracking]
[bottles breaking] [fireworks
cracking]
[bottle breaking]
[fireworks crackling]
[coyote howling]
[fireworks cracking]
[fireworks crackling]
[helicopter engine roaring]
Tornado could explain it.
There was one here in
Los Angeles once in 1908.
I like to think that he's out
there somewhere still though.
you know. sitting by a
pool. sipping on a brew.
talking the ear off some
stranger with like tall tale
or a fishing story or something.
In Idaho or Tucson
or wherever his lease
started the next morning.
[somber music]
But. he is not.
They gave me this little box
this plastic urn of his ashes.
And I tried to find some family
or friends to give it to.
but he wasn't lying there was
no one.
I mean. his parents died a
decade ago.
His little sister was on
something
that night at the construction
site.
And she slipped.
But I honestly think that
he's up there thanking God.
that he got to be part
of something profound
to break up his mundane
existence.
I mean. we should all hope
to be able to do something
important
like that before we die.
You got to keep rolling.
I know you gotta get going.
- [Interviewer] I'm
actually on my way out.
I need to prep the disks
for whoever is gonna take my
place now.
I got to go.
- Yeah. most people end up
feeling a little too close to
it.
That makes sense.
You got any burning questions
for me you on your way out?
- [Interviewer] Actually just
the same as everyone I guess.
What happened?
- You know. there is worst ways
to die
than floating away in zero
gravity.
I bet he just froze to death
or suffocated up in the
atmosphere.
long time before even starting
falling.
I mean I don't even
think he felt the impact.
- [Interviewer] No. I mean.
what do you think happened here?
With all the phenomenon and all
that?
- There was something like seven
different William Thompsons
in early 20th century Los
Angeles.
Some of my figures were off.
- [Interviewer] Which figures?
- Some of them.
[somber music]
- I think among all the
dramatizations and visual
effects.
I still believe part of it was
real.
I don't think anyone can say
which part at this point. but
something happened.
- So. I couldn't find any
evidence
of the Pythagorean brotherhoods.
So I couldn't find any evidence
of the Pythagorean brotherhood.
of the Pythagorean brotherhood
being active in centuries.
but that's the point of
a secret society. right?
It's secret. You can't see it.
It's like electricity.
Can't see that. but you know it
has power.
So. you know. I'm not done.
Find the pattern.
When you're at the center of it.
It all fits.
Eventually.
[bells jingling softly]
You hear that?
[ceremonial humming]
[progressive gentle
instrumental music]